Title: 2019 Year of Claiming

URL: https://intuitivesoul.com/2019-year-of-claiming

Content:
Can you believe that it is almost 2019? The year of Mastery 2018 was challenging with all the personal retrograde planets that impacted us throughout the year. 2019 will only have 3 Mercury Retrogrades and both Mars and Venus will be direct all year. Mastery was all about understanding and growing who we are. This New Year has been termed Year of Claiming byLori Wilsonand while she channeled herNew Year Forecast by Grandmother.
2019 Year of Claiming
While listening to Lori’s interview I wanted to explore some
of the relevant points that I felt impacted me. Before being able to ‘claim’
yourself this year you have to have felt ‘claimed’. I think this was
instrumental in examining my life. For most of my life I have not felt
‘claimed’ by my family or felt I belonged. I have always searched for my
acceptance and inclusion with a deeper spiritual family. Unfortunately this did
not always have a happy ending. I know what it is like to feel abandoned, as it
has been my ‘story’ for most of my life. However, I have for many years,
recognized it as a ‘story’ – I see things from this perspective even when
another part of me knows this isn’t truth. My search for a spiritual family
often hurt even more than a family I never really felt a connection to – due to
my feelings about being adopted – because I felt like my spiritual community
should live from the same code of ethics that I lived by. Unfortunately that
was almost never the case – as ego impacts us all – especially those given roles
– and I would view any perceived betrayal from my perspective of ‘abandonment’.
A lose/lose perceived situation.
Lori and Grandmother reminded me that my claiming was never
from people – maybe my cats – but like most people I feel a deep connection
with nature. I remember as a child that whenever I felt a need to find my
connection, wellbeing or happiness and when I felt the most open was finding my
way to a specific ‘place’ – a sacred place to me was being in nature: walking
through a forest, sitting by Georgian Bay or watching the stars. Today I still
feel the need to find comfort in residing so close to the Lake and walking
along it daily and by searching the skies. I don’t really live anywhere near a
forest anymore although there are some lovely big old trees. I do feel claimed
by both the water and the night skies (even under the light pollution of
Toronto). We need to be reminded that there is something Bigger than ourselves
available to us.
We need to be reminded that there is something Bigger than ourselves available to us – a sense of community and belonging
Once we feel ‘claimed’ and remind
ourselves that we are connected and part of something bigger – a sense of
community and belonging – then we can work on ‘claiming’ ourselves outwardly.
The first place we are recommended to start is our ‘home’. Grandmother suggests
that we first need to feel our ‘home’ is where we ‘nest’ and most of us tend to
focus our energies on others and putting their needs before us. I know that is
something I work with a lot and often in the past few years I have nested much
more. This incoming year is important to ‘nest’ but not for hiding or healing,
at least for me. I see this as a need to use our ‘home’ as a way to feel safe
and to expand our ‘claiming’ of who we are. I was told inmy recent interviewwith Lori and Grandmother
that hibernation in my ‘home’ is necessary and I need to work on this
‘claiming’ by writing and enhancing my teaching abilities to assist each of you
to recognize you are Divinely Unique. I like that because honestly I still need
to feel my safe place is home. ‘Home’ to me is where the Heart lies and my
actual home is where I live and work – so feeling safe in my ‘home’ is a must.
Next is our body – 2018 was a year where I focused on my
health as I have had some challenges over the past few years – so I really
wanted to feel better from within. I have been taking more responsibility over
my health; I have witnessed how harmful some substances – that are socially
acceptable like sugar and alcohol – are to our temples. I know that teaching
about addictions may be a continuation of the teachings of my work as it
relates to viewing how we distract ourselves and harm ourselves because we
allow our fears to push us to seek something comforting when we are feeling
emotionally, mentally, physically or spiritually uncomfortable. Learning that
our body is a temple and nourishing it is my new priority and now that it is
working better I can definitely focus on nourishing it and honoring it as my
inner home.
I can feel that the definition of ‘home’ seems to be a theme
both personally and for 2019 as a whole. To ‘claim’ yourself or who you are
requires knowing your ‘home’ – both physically as in where you live and also
the ‘home’ within your body. What does ‘home’ mean to you? If our ‘home’ isn’t
safe and nourishing then how can we fully stand up to ‘claim’ who we are? We
need to unconditionally Love and Accept our Self, our inner and outer
environment as well as the community within which we live. To fully Love and
Accept we need to take responsibility for where we are before we can truly
‘know’ who we are. So ‘home’ will have a greater importance this year as we
accept responsibility for what we choose to focus on doing. Claiming our Self
will require nourishing and nurturing ‘Home’!
My hope for you this 2019 is for you to Claim your excellence and Divine Uniqueness within everything you do and to allow your ‘Home’ to shine brightly the Divine Essence that is all that You Are!
Focus 2019shared by Lori and Grandmother offers two hours of valuable information which I highly recommend listening to so that you can determine what your focus will be. I will come to a deeper understanding of ‘home’ so that I can ‘claim’ my new focus of teaching. I will honor and nurture my inner and outer expression of Who I Am and step easily and Graciously into Radiating Unconditional Love and Acceptance while acknowledging the Divine within everything! My hope for you this 2019 is for you to Claim your excellence and Divine Uniqueness within everything you do and to allow your ‘Home’ to shine brightly the Divine Essence that is all that You Are!
From my Heart to Yours