Title: A New Kind of Gentle Kindness

URL: https://intuitivesoul.com/a-new-kind-of-gentle-kindness

Content:
Since March 13thwe have been part of A New Normal and as much as we are ready for this to end are we are actually ready yet? Are we ready for a world that is changing to a New ‘Kind’ of Gentle and Kindness?
Every day we see new posts about Conspiracies and Anger around how the Governments are controlling us by manipulating us through fear. My last Blog talked aboutA Brave New Normaland how we aren’t just sharing a world of people but also a world of our animals and all the elements of this planet. And in this recent time we have seen some healing from the ravages of our world’s pollution problems. We are also finding kindness and a gentler way of Being. This is the message we need to find in this New Normal. We should always remember what we lost but we have to let go of what hasn’t been working. We all seem to be holding onto the past. We want things to return to ‘normal’ – the ‘normal’ we thought we had before. It’s time to let go!
It’s so easy to lay blame and get upset that our lives aren’t the same as last year but what we have to understand is that everything that has happened has happened for a reason. And WE are that reason. We are being pushed to Grow Up and take responsibility for the results of our disregarding of all the problems within our world. And there are many problems – Greed, Pollution, Poverty, Disease (ironically our dis-ease has been highlighted by a disease) – all another name for Fear. We must be ready to shift into a New Kind of Gentle & Kindness. I have faith that we are ready!
What do we need to open up to experience the New Kind of Gentle & Kindness?
Now is the time to bring change to the World. To go backwards now would be a detriment to all the good that is going on with the changes that have already occurred with the unexpected arrival of this pandemic situation. It truly doesn’t matter who is to blame or who the conspirators are – what matters is our choices. The old world rule is changing and a Brave New Normal is Becoming. Let’s allow this New Kind of Kindness to expand our consciousness and rewrite the wrongs to make this World worth saving for eons to come. Let’s Evolve our Consciousness and Become Kinder and Gentler – unconditionally Loving. Join me into as we move into this new era. With Love and an Open Heart…