Title: Creating the Magic of the Age of Aquarius

URL: https://intuitivesoul.com/creating-the-magic-of-the-age-of-aquarius

Content:
As a young child, and yes I am dating myself here, I remember my brothers’ 8-track of the Broadway Musical, “Hair”, and my dreaming of the Age of Aquarius or at the very least singing about it. To dream of a New Age of peace and love that would finally take us beyond the current Age of Pisces, and this knowledge may have come a bit later as I was only a child.
I believe that with Pluto moving into the sign of Aquarius this month, March 23, 2023 for a few months until it comes back in Jan 21, 2024 for the next 20 years, I see as the beginning of the transition to the Age of Aquarius. If this is the beginning, like I believe, then this is truly significant in the movement towards the Age of Aquarius and an age of Peace. It is time to Create something Magical for ourselves and the World.
At the time of the Musical, “Hair”, I was only a young child and had no idea of the message but “the Piscean Age has been dominated by hierarchy, and power.The key phrase for this Age was from Shakespeare’s Hamlet, “To be or not to be.” To make a successful and happy life you needed to resolve this question. The key to the astrological sign Pisces is “I believe.” During this age, in order for you “to be,” you needed to find someone or something to believe in.”
“The energy of Piscesalso brought to life the notions of forgiveness, empathy, innocence, love and devotion. It established the belief in a higher force and the search for the connection to something greater than the self. The conception of good and bad, heaven and hell and sin and sacrifice shaped the meaning of spirituality in a completely new way.”
The Age of Pisces was crucial and necessary for us to evolve as a planet and to help us all to evolve towards Love over Fear. The next step, however, will be something worth Dreaming about! We really don’t know the exact date we enter the Age of Aquarius (many people have varying ideas as to when this date will occur; some say we are already in this Age, others believe it won’t happen until 2100 or 2200) but this shift is Significant for everyone. And there is little denial that the Dawning of this Age is occurring as we become more aware of what is happening all around us in these days.
These are 2 very different events the Age of Aquarius and Pluto moving into the sign of Aquarius; I just see the movement of Pluto into the sign of Aquarius signifying a major shift on our planet and possible the transition to the Age of Aquarius and this may take far more than 20 years to complete.
With Pluto moving into the sign of Aquarius – I believe this is the Shift we have been looking forward to. Where the Ages take about 2000 years to complete, Pluto takes 248 years to rotate around the Sun. This also is significant as earth takes only 365 days to rotate around the sun, Saturn takes 29 years to orbit the sun, Pluto is the longest.
Pluto the small planet that got downgraded to a “dwarf planet” category, is the Planet of transformation and also of destruction and renewal. Pluto goes through signs anywhere from 10 to 30 years. Pluto has been in the sign Capricorn since 2008 and Capricorn is all about the corporate world, tradition, Government and authority. The last time Pluto was in the sign of Capricorn was in the 1760’s where we saw the American Revolution and in 2008 we had one of the worst economic recessions. The change we needed, Pluto demanded. Look all that has occurred over that past 15 years.
Pluto moving into the sign of Aquarius – is very different. Aquarius is all about progressiveness, humanitarianism, socialism, equality and technology (including social media and internet). It will bring changes in these areas but it will also be like a breath of fresh air compared to the suffocation of our being in the sign of Capricorn’s scrutiny. It will transform the malignancy of the identified problems of being in the sign of Capricorn and shift how we use technology and see the world. It will be the way forward – “transforming toxicity… we will experience revolution surrounding our relationship to power and control.”
I see this time as so needed right now after the years we have just had that showed us how greed has impacted so many corporations and the medical field and pharma controlling what we put into our bodies. No, this is a time of no more dictating what we need and instead it is our time to feel the progress and bringHeartback into our lives.
This won’t happen right away. However, it is already feeling lighter. Since this is a significant change that is coming our way it is time to DREAM of a better life and world! It is time to let GO of what hasn’t been working. Pluto sees to that. What has occurred in the past 15 years has led to some very dark shadows around how the corporate world and Government’s greed has influenced us.
Moving forward we can be assured Pluto will reinvent what it means to BE a humanitarian and social BEing in this world. In fact we have already seen some of this with the changes that COVID brought. Social media has changed the world and given us the opportunity to become closer together and to at least learn about those with differing ideas. Different countries are no longer a border when we can jump on a Zoom meeting and create relationships with people from every continent.
What will this mean to us personally and as a planet? Going on the assumption that this is the harbinger of the Age of Aquarius, the next 20 years to 2044 – with Pluto over our shoulders – will urge us to transform how we view ourselves and our place in the world. Remember, we always get to Choose! What will you choose? What Dreams are important to you? Why are DREAMS important to you?
It is important to note that this astrological event happening outside of us is ALSO requiring us to individually go through a transition in the same way. And to undertake our OWN transition requires us to do the INNER work that will keep us in alignment with this new Age.
One thing that will become essential is for each of us to accept ourselves as Whole and not to believe that we require anything outside ourselves. We must become Open, Loving, and able to Embrace ourselves for who we are. Acceptance and knowing that we are enough and that we Create our own reality: this is the opportunity, more now than ever. We can become self-aware: conscious of who we are and who we want to BE. How would we like the World around us to BE?
It is time to Dream and Create the Magic we desire most out of life. This Magic is based on our becoming Whole and Knowing that ourHappiness comes from within us, not outside us. Abundance isn’t greed. Abundance means WE can create everything we Dream about. Greed means we require others for us to thrive and thriving is for “the few to get the most from everyone else”.
Even observing how we Show Up is important. Do we search outside ourselves for approval from others? COVID has taught us many things but the connections we develop and the relationships that are important, come from a Heart that is Open. Fear gripped us – and for many? Still does. Love is the only answer. Love dissipates fear. And in all of this we are discovering, more and more, that compassion and kindness are an ‘inside job’. And we are coming to know – even more fully – that what is outside of us is a reflection of what is within us. We can’t change what is outside us – unless we change within.
Aquarians are quirky, intuitive and innovative. So let’s celebrate all the unique qualities that we all express and honor the Wonder that is YOU in this emerging Age of Aquarius. Let’s decide what is most important – for each of us – and hold that Vision – building on it over the next year. To do this … all we each need to do is just let GO of the old, outdated views that have had to change and create New Magic and Wonder that we hope – or better yet, ENVISION – the world can become.
We are at a precipice of a New Beginning that will transform our world. What will you create? What will you Dream into Your Life? Let’s support one another and Be the Change we want to see in the World. This is THE time! Join Me. Join me for the Inside Job as the Age Dawns. From My Heart to Yours ❤️