Title: Do You Feel the Holiday  Magic?

URL: https://intuitivesoul.com/do-you-feel-the-holiday-magic

Content:
Each year I share with you my message that I have always felt passionate about ‘the Magic of the Holidays’. And this year I’ve reviewed my blogs that go back to 2005 (LOL) to find some of the thoughts that have inspired me in the hopes that this will also inspire you to ‘remember this magic’. I have gone through and encompassed some of the best I have shared over the years and added some thoughts that reflect my current thinking and feeling about this ‘magic’. I also had a great conversation with Tom Campbell and offered some tips to grow towards love through this Holiday season (listen or watch here).
The ‘Magic of the Holidays’ is the incredible compassion that exists at this time of the year. When we are truly in the Magic of the Moment we are giving from the heart with no expectations. We feel washed over with joy – in just being. At the same time we remain authentic to ourselves and do not compromise who we are.
The ‘magic’ has nothing to do with gifts or how this time of year is typically monetized. It isn’t about whether or not we can find the perfect gift. In fact my new favorite quote is “the magic of the season isn’t given it’s found”.  I came across these thoughtful words in one of the many Christmas movies I have watched in the past week but I’m sorry that I can’t recall the actual source.
And the ‘magic’ isn’t ‘me-based’ and ‘what you can do for me’ which is how many people create expectation around the Holidays. It isn’t based on expectations at all. We often dread the Holidays because we want to change others to BE nicer and to see the problems with our dysfunctional relatives as being outside of ourselves and not able to touch us.
The ‘magic’ I refer to is within us. The ‘magic’ is remembering the excitement we had as children and the innocence we had at exploring new ventures and awaiting what new adventures were right around the corner.
The Magic is a choice we make to open our hearts and see the world differently. We can choose to change how we see our dysfunctional family and friends and accept them for who they are. We can choose to change ourselves on the inside first by focusing on how we want to feel this Holiday Season. We can choose to cultivate an essence of joy and radiate it from the inside out! We can find this. Inside ourselves. It isn’t ‘given’ because that might suggest that we ‘fix’ others… but it isn’t our journey to heal, fix or change someone else. Our journey is for us to evolve and grow spiritually! And our journey, and what we find on the inside, can be shared. It is shared by a vibration that we radiate from inside ourselves. It is about creating a connection to the Heart of the planet and the Heart of Source and it exists within our own unique Divine Spark. It is about what was told to Virginia back in Sept 21, 1897 when she asked the Editor of The New York Sun if there was a Santa Claus:
”VIRGINIA, your little friends are wrong. They have been affected by the skepticism of a skeptical age. They do not believe except [what] they see. They think that nothing can be which is not comprehensible by their little minds. All minds, Virginia, whether they be men’s or children’s, are little. In this great universe of ours man is a mere insect, an ant, in his intellect, as compared with the boundless world about him, as measured by the intelligence capable of grasping the whole of truth and knowledge.
Yes, VIRGINIA, there is a Santa Claus. He exists as certainly as love and generosity and devotion exist, and you know that they abound and give to your life its highest beauty and joy. Alas! how dreary would be the world if there were no Santa Claus. It would be as dreary as if there were no VIRGINIAS. There would be no childlike faith then, no poetry, no romance to make tolerable this existence. We should have no enjoyment, except in sense and sight. The eternal light with which childhood fills the world would be extinguished.
Not believe in Santa Claus! You might as well not believe in fairies! You might get your papa to hire men to watch in all the chimneys on Christmas Eve to catch Santa Claus, but even if they did not see Santa Claus coming down, what would that prove? Nobody sees Santa Claus, but that is no sign that there is no Santa Claus. The most real things in the world are those that neither children nor men can see. Did you ever see fairies dancing on the lawn? Of course not, but that’s no proof that they are not there. Nobody can conceive or imagine all the wonders there are unseen and unseeable in the world.
You may tear apart the baby’s rattle and see what makes the noise inside, but there is a veil covering the unseen world which not the strongest man, nor even the united strength of all the strongest men that ever lived, could tear apart. Only faith, fancy, poetry, love, romance, can push aside that curtain and view and picture the supernal beauty and glory beyond. Is it all real? Ah, VIRGINIA, in all this world there is nothing else real and abiding.
No Santa Claus! Thank God! he lives, and he lives forever. A thousand years from now, Virginia, nay, ten times ten thousand years from now, he will continue to make glad the heart of childhood.”
How interesting that the message really needn’t change! The ‘Magic’ is the love, compassion, and generosity that exists – especially at this time of the year. It has the power to open our hearts so completely that we wonder how we have ever loved in the past.
However, to experience this we must move beyond our minds, our fears and pain, our egos… to a place that exists within all of us. That magic is the same piece of Divinity that is Source. It is our Home. It is what makes us all one. We have to nurture this Magic that exists in all of us or else we dull its magnificence. We dull it each time we are disappointed by the fear, pain and control that overtakes our lives. We dull it every time we give our fears more power than the “magic” within us and our lives.
That is the message I encourage you to embrace. To know, to remember, that the magic exists, we just have to hold it within our hearts. This time of year that magic is strongest and we can touch upon it… remember it… and we can rejoice that we have a touch of the Great Mystery within each of us.
Let that magic overflow in all you do. Let your heart remember what it always knew. Find your way to let the Magic nurture and foster your Divine Essence. And let that Essence flow out into your life, at this time of the year and every day of your life.
Remember the feeling of this Magic of the Holidays and make a promise to yourself to create Moments of Magic this holiday season! And you will be a part of thetrue spiritof the Holidays!