Title: Practices for Receiving the Gentle Guidance of the Soul

URL: https://intuitivesoul.com/practices-for-receiving-the-gentle-guidance-of-the-soul

Content:
When it comes to receiving guidance, especially the gentle guidance of our soul, we all are quite unique. I have expanded my understanding of how our intuition works and therefore our ability to receive information from Soul.
There are still the clairvoyant, clairaudient, clairsentient (feeling) and claircognizant (knowing), however, I believe we also can expand these senses through our mental, emotional, physical and spiritual ways of experiencing our information.
How well we understand ourselves and how we learn, will assist us in understanding how we receive information and guidance. When we were young, the school system primarily used visual and audatory methods to teach us. For those of us who are empathic or download and just “know” information, this system failed us. Recently I encountered an author, Sherrie Dillard, who expands into how we receive information through our subtle bodies. To me, this suggests, we are expanding both clairsentience and claircognizance, as this has become much more prevalent in the past 20 years. My belief is that more and more people are clairsentient and claircognizant. This has allowed for us to move from our third eye to our hearts, where we are becoming more “heart centered”.
So, understanding first how Soul speaks to you will be important to how you receive information. I have found Soul to express itself very gently, through nudges of passion, joy and excitement. For me, these emotions indicate that inner urge to explore the source of this passion, joy and excitement. I typically have to be quiet, and go within. Find that space that allows me to feel at “home”. If I am reacting from fear, or am stressed, out of sorts, or confused, I will miss the gentle nudges of the Soul.
We all have different ways we can receive this information. Some people meditate by walking, or connecting with nature, others require many senses to be occupied; eg. with incense, music, bath, candles, warm tea. Finding your preferred method will assist you to receive Soul’s messages.
Emotional people experience life with their hearts wide open. Mental people don’t use their mind as much as they receive a higher guidance from consciousness. Physical people feel through their bodies. Spiritual people experience an energetic vibration. Engaging any of these primary energetic bodies will allow you to experience Soul more effectively.
Once you understand yourself and can identify your primary ways of receiving guidance, you then have to practice. Through practice comes trust. Trust is next months topic.