Title: Ready to Spring Forward?

URL: https://intuitivesoul.com/ready-to-spring-forward

Content:
As I contemplate Spring and New Beginnings we are experiencing a record cold February here in the North East. Up until this month, our winter was bearable, but Groundhog Day came with over a foot of snow and frigid artic weather. It’s getting harder to believe that spring is coming even with our equinox fast approaching. Like many of you, I have had enough of this weather and am ready for the feel of spring to return!
You know what I’m referring to, that smell of warmer weather, the feeling in the air that we all experience including our animals? The energy shifts towards excitement and expectation that things are about to change. Well, I’m ready for that… even though it doesn’t feel that close right now, as we experience another double digit day in minus degrees Celsius and cold winds! For you Fahrenheit people it is approximately 12 degrees today, which has been our average this month and it is much colder with wind chill!
What do our New Beginnings look like this year? March brings with it our first set of eclipses on the 20th which is also our equinox this year (the second eclipse is April 4th, which we will discuss in our next newsletter). Prior to the first eclipse, March 17th we have our last of 7 Uranus square Pluto transits (that began in 2012). At least it is finally over, although the energy will likely stay with us till the end of the month! Our first eclipse is a supermoon total solar eclipse in Pisces at 29 degrees, this signifies a completion to this new beginning new moon (the 29th degree is the last degree of a sign and it marks a significant turning point. Turning points are important and critical to us getting ahead and achieving our goals.) The eclipse is at 5:36am EDT and the moon moves into Aries at 6:28 am EDT and the sun moves into Aries for our equinox at 6:44 pm EDT.
So even if our weather isn’t cooperating, the sun moving into Aries signifies the beginning of a new cycle and Spring. What are your hopes for this new cycle? What are you wanting to create? I have joined up with Eric Altman to offer a Support Group that will definitely Spring Us forward on our spiritual evolution! Eric’s healing and meditations are one of the most exceptional services I have had the pleasure to experience and together we will assist you to shift into the heart and experience Love over fear.
Now that we have entered the Year of the Ram, Sheep or Goat (February 19th), the energies are here to support us to heal and achieve financial independence. After this month is finished, we are supported astrologically for the rest of the year to achieve our goals! There may be a few bumps in our progress this summer when Venus goes retrograde and we have a couple more Mercury Retrogrades to consider but we won’t let that stop us! Have you thought about some goals for yourself this year? I prefer to set my goals as qualities I want to achieve. I labeled this year as Self Care year. So for me it is all about what will make me happy! My health has been a priority for the past few years, and this year the focus is on strengthening, accepting, loving where I am and making choices that will honor and support me. This will include taking a cruise with my dear friend Jean Adrienne next month; ensuring that I get massages and healings when I require them and opening up to all possibilities that will allow me to have a year full of Self Care.
I have come to realize that it is the Choices that we make that are the most important. All emotions are inner choices and being authentic about our choices is also extremely important. We do have a choice as to how we want to feel at any point of the day. We don’t have to be influenced by people or events, if we can recognize that it is always a choice. Often we are in reaction mode because we aren’t grounded and in the present moment. But when we are grounded, we have the option to BE anyway we want. Being authentic, however, is very important because it acknowledges acceptance of how you want to feel, while not pretending to feel something you aren’t.
Ultimately, it comes down to determining whether you want love or fear. And realizing how often fear comes in to play, when we are not present. Unfortunately, a lot of the decisions we make are made when we are not fully present in our body or our heart. We often want a relationship because we don’t want to be alone; or we want a million dollars because we fear lack. What we want to be aware of is our motivation for change and new beginnings. Let our motivation be one of love. Contemplate your motivation when you are not sure and find a way to be positively influenced through Love instead of Fear. Make sure you are fully and completely IN your body, all the way down to your toes (and out through the souls of your feet into the earth) and connect in with your heart. Find a way to feel the JOY in change and create MAGIC in your life!