Title: Resolutions and Sabotage

URL: https://intuitivesoul.com/resolutions-and-sabotage

Content:
I have to say the last month of this year made up for the challenges throughout 2016. Receiving my sweet little kitten, Angel, on Dec 7thwas definitely part of the Christmas Magic I so often talk about! However I’m amazed that the year is ending and a New Year, a new 9 year cycle is beginning. On Jan 1st2017 (1-1-1) we begin a whole new cycle and I invite you to contemplate what the next 9 years hold for you, not just 2017. I, for one, can say that over these past 9 years I have grown more towards love than ever before. That certainly doesn’t mean it has been easy, no, not by any stretch of the imagination. This past 9 year cycle has seen change, death and transformation. In fact, I have been able to completely anchor my business and my services with a whole new energy – even when the price seemed quite high at the time.
I invite you to consider what you have learned over the past year and the last 9 year cycle. As you contemplate your New Year’s Resolutions for 2017 – and the next 9 years – I encourage you to ponder not what you want outside of you but rather how you would like to BE inside! It is my belief that it is the outside desires that are often sabotaged; like losing weight, stopping smoking, getting fit, and getting organized. These are all things that we “do” and when wecheck out the stats, apparently only 8% of our ‘doings’ are actually successful! Why? Because we sabotage ourselves and aren’t coming from an authentic place of “BEing”.
‘Doing’ results in falling back onto old patterns – especially if we haven’t changed any of our beliefs, fears or expectations – because we are trying to control, manipulate, change or fix ourselves from this ‘doing’ state.Emmanuel Dagheroffered this beautiful meditation from his free gifts of the Holidays on ‘Sabotaging’. He, as always, brought up some profound thoughts and healings on why we sabotage ourselves and he helped us to want to BE seen, heard, and recognized by the Universe as Honoring the Universe within us. We are so afraid of BEing seen, heard, and recognized that this leads us to needing outside approval. And ultimately we also have trouble receiving all that the Universe offers us. So no wonder we have such low success rates in trying to ‘do’ things related to our past patterns.
When we come from a place of Being we are first connecting with the Infinite and Authentic Self within us. We are acknowledging our True Self. However,Tom Campbellalso suggests that when we come from a place of BEing we are authentically revealing the fears that we often keep hidden. This would be where our little self lives and it is just as important to accept who we are from this “little” place. It is in this state of “littleness”, caused by the fears previously hidden, that we have the capacity to make changes to our Inner Being by BEing present and conscious of all the fears that keep our patterns and stories intact. In fact, I would suggest that this is how we sabotage ourselves the most.
Each of these ‘fear’ elements of our existence offer opportunities to shift into authenticity and levels of BEing. We each come from a place of expansion and a profound connection to our Infinite Self. This connection allows us to come from a feeling place of Love and of the Remembrance that we are already ‘Whole’. Such a connection opens us to the absolute and everlasting essence of who we are: the expansive and immeasurable Universe/Spirit/Soul within us. And it creates a feeling of oneness and unconditional Love that allow us to create Magic from this place of NOW. We can see, hear, and acknowledge our Self from a place of Wholeness and Beauty. In this state everything is Perfection. And our True Self aligns with Source.
The authentic circumstances that come from the smaller self are also just as important. These circumstances allow us see how we feel separate from Source and our Inner Self. This seeing and feeling is part of the way in which we can truly uncover our deepest fears; fears that dictate how we react automatically to our circumstances – circumstances in which we can see and understand that we don’t feel ‘Whole’ – and in such circumstances we create addictions to distract us from feeling and these distractions lead us to searching outside ourselves for things to “DO” to change, fix or heal ourselves. In other words, we feel broken or ‘not enough as we are’. And it is here that we sabotage ourselves.
When we can authentically acknowledge these deeper fears then we can come into a place of acceptance rather than create ways to change, fix or heal from a place outside ourselves. Once we can actually accept that these are the fears we carry with us, consciously or unconsciously, then we can credibly dive in and see these fears and how they are just part of a story we hold within us; a story we have made up instead of truth. We can move into a place of ‘now’ and detach from the inaccuracies we hold onto as truths.
I welcome you to come up with whichever authentic place that will create the most positive change for you. I see benefits from both the little place of limiting fear or the more expansive place of Wholeness but when I imagine 2017 – and the next 9 year cycle – I prefer to come from a place of infinite possibilities. I wish to feel my Wholeness and Inner Self that is expansive and Magical. My resolutions will include letting go of certain fears that I am ready to let go of but ultimately my intentions will be focused on how I want to ‘feel’ this next year: a space of unconditional Love and Acceptance; one that exudes Peace and JOY! What will you set your New Year’s intentions as?
Happy New Year 2017!
With Love and an Open Heart, Laurie & Angel