Title: A Brave New Normal

URL: https://intuitivesoul.com/a-brave-new-normal

Content:
As I write this it is Earth Day – and what a new world we live in. A close friend captured a photo of a foxes – a mom and her kits – just playing on the beach in my area of Toronto with their den under the boardwalk. This would never have happened under normal circumstances. We don’t have any reference for all the changes occurring in our world right now. And I don’t think anyone could have predicted this turn of events, nor the long term effects that may occur. Life as we know it – is different now. We have spent the past 40 days in isolation – going out briefly to get supplies and possibly a short walk. We have never experienced the opportunities presenting themselves today. Most of us have nothing to ‘do’ – business as usual has changed. We have more free time to ponder our lives and what we want to BE. Work has shifted to waiting for the world to begin again or return to normal.
The question is: what will become our New Normal? When will this New Normal – this Brave New Normal – restart? Will we take for granted all the changes and retreat to what we thought was ‘normal’ by holding onto our old way of doing things? Or will take this time, since we have indefinite time available to us now, and make changes to our New Normal – at the very least our Inner New Normal? What will this New Normal look like? Are handshakes a thing of the past? Will we selfishly continue to pander to our world by continuing the habits of the past? In these past few days our world has shifted to accommodate others – like our family of foxes above; the world is healing and becoming cleaner. Our air is becoming less polluted. Our waters are showing more life in areas that were considered dying and contaminated. Can we sustain ourselves while preserving our beautiful regrowing planet?
As we know: change begins within. We can only be responsible for our own actions. And now that we have an opportunity to create some real change what are we going to do? I don’t think it is any surprise that Travel has been the cause of much of our planet’s demise – since most of the healing began with the abrupt ending of most of our travelling options. Could part of this shutdown be Gaia’s way of healing? Could we correct the ozone layer and end the effects of polluting that is impacting climate change? Is our planet’s health more important than our desire for external pleasure? Is it because our need to have our external needs met is part of the problem?
We know that this journey is to Grow Up and become Love. We know that fear is what blocks us from Living our Best Life. We spend so much of our time exploring our external world that we become distracted from the true goal of Healing our Inner World. Is this Gaia healing her Inner World? Is Gaia asking us toremembertoNourish and Nurturewhat is truly important to us? We nurture ourselves with water, food and sharing our Love. Could Gaia be reminding us of how we have been feeding her – our planet?
What can we ‘do’ to continue our Inner Growth while maintaining the Earth’s Inner Growth? This time that we are currently in appears to be about nesting, resting, and exploring new opportunities to nurture ‘US’. We aren’t distracted by the world outside of us because our world has suddenly become infinitely smaller. Sure, we still have Netflix, the news and social media… and many other ways to distract ourselves; but we don’t have our energies being constantly interfered with by others’ emotions. Sure we can still tap into the fear that COVID-19 has created – which is substantial – but we don’t have our energies being manipulated by the emotions we have when others pass through our auric fields: due to social distancing. So we have more choices to BE in our inner worlds.
Let’s explore some of our ‘choices’ with our enforced time out:
How do you envision this Brave New Normal? Can we learn to share with our co-inhabitants on this planet – like the fox family on the boardwalk – or do we have to continue to fight for dominance? We have been offered a once in a lifetime opportunity to see the benefits of massive change with every occupant on the planet. Let’s take time to contemplate what changes we can make in the Brave New Normal that will benefit us all. Let’s share together and choose to Love, Accept and Create an improved Brave New Normal in whatever manner that means to us. With Love and an Open Heart…