Title: A Change in Healing by Tracy McBurney

URL: https://intuitivesoul.com/a-change-in-healing-by-tracy-mcburney

Content:
I have added this here, because Tracy has offered this healing so unconditionally, and I wanted it to be offered and received with the love and grace it was freely given.
Rarely, am I so completely moved by affirmations. I believe these to be more invocations that will free you of the pain body and suffering we have felt we deserved in this life. This is a healing that will be gradual and/or immediate. Please print this and keep it where you can fully integrate the words and healing that is offered. I read each one 3 times, as this is what I need when I integrate such invocations. Connect in with yourself to determine what you require. With Love, Laurie
Changing of the GuardsAffirmations written by Tracy McBurney[email protected]416 690-1243
Concept taken from:Dear God! What’s Happening To Us?Halting Eons of Manipulation by Lynn Grabhorn
This book brought forward the thinking that perhaps it was in everyone’s highest and best interest to follow a simple protocol to clean up what was governing and guiding them on many levels of their being. Although the book itself I found a little challenging I felt that her premise was sound thinking. Up until this time I had waited to be instructed on this matter of “Changing of the Guards” within ourselves and I have never followed such a complete protocol. Having said that, it is fast being discovered that this book is not complete in accessing all that needs to be looked at and investigated in this process of restructuring the government and the division of power between the Light and the Dark within ourselves. I have gone beyond what was brought to my awareness in the book and redesigned the affirmations as I saw fit. I still consider this to be a work in progress as we all should. Therefore I ask you to stay open to the suggestions from The Divine that are channeled to you as you move forward in your goal to reestablish Pure Light and Pure Love as your Supreme Guide and Governor and Guardian.
I am quickly realizing that one of the greatest problems plaguing humanity at this time and threatening our existence and the well being of this planet is our profound disconnection with the truth of our connection to a Supreme Being that we can trust fully with our lives and the lives of those that we love; A Supreme Being that we no longer question loves us, likes us, and has our best interests at heart. Most of us live a life separate from feeling that greater level of security and care – most of us struggle, suffer and live in more pain than we need to – most of us are calling harm to ourselves or others because we are not living a life in clear connection with this Supreme Being of Pure Love and Pure Light that loves us unconditionally and cares for us always. Most of us are doing harm because we have lost faith.
People would say to me “How can you believe in a God when you see the mess that our world is in and the harm that we are doing to each other? How can you believe that this God that you speak of is operating here” And I would say back to them:
“You have just proved my point. “ The truth of that God is NOT operating here to any great degree and we need to make that better. We need to reestablish it’s true presence first within each of us and then within this world. It has been a very long time since we have remembered the truth of this God – we are either looking to a watered down bastardized version of that God or we have stopped looking at all to that Being or we have turned our backs completely on such a Supreme Being and are now allowing ourselves to be guided, governing and guarded and supported by some pretty nasty and destructive stuff.
Next question:
Is today the day that you begin the process of cleaning up that mess inside of you?” “ Do you even have a high enough consciousness that you can you even see and admit that it is a mess inside of you?”
The SUPREME BEING (Source)
Some of us have no connection established subconciously or consciously to a belief in a Supreme Being or Primary God. (Source) This can be problematic if you are connected to a dark energy at this level. It then can have free controlling reign over you.
This can also be problematic if your remembering has become so corrupted that you are forgetting the truth of this Source.
For example; Many people believe in a God Source that is Light but that is about as far as it goes. They no longer believe that this God is unconditionally loving. They no longer believe that this God loves them, likes them or cares for them and they may believe at many levels of their mind that this God is “out to get them”. This is where basic muscle testing can be very helpful in asking these sorts of questions.
“From the Spark of Pure Love and Pure Light that resides with in, and that I am, I hereby declare that the energy that is My Supreme Being, my Source that I know and recognize by the name of… (God, Allah, Krishna…) is and always shall be (whether I could recognize and remember this or not), an energy of 100% Pure Love and Pure Light that operates unconditionally in that love and has never judged me or another; has always had my best interests at heart and has always allowed me the freedom of my choices no matter the consequences. I accept that this Supreme Being has always been there in many forms to give me council from this place of love and of light but has never abandoned me when I have chosen another way other than the one that it was offering. I accept that this Supreme Being of Pure Love and Pure Light has never been corrupted or re-programmed by entities, energies, beings or forces of the dark. I release all blocks and reversals to remembering the truth of this (God, Allah, Krishna, Source) and reestablishing this truth within myself and within my life. From this Source of Pure Light and Pure Love I am ready to remember the truth of this (God, Allah, Krishna, Source); the truth of my relationship to this God. it’s relationship to us all and to everything.
If I have fallen under the rule, support, guidance, protection or nuturing by Darkness at this high level through my own ignorance, judgment, incapacity to forgive or find compassion for myself or another; loss of faith or trust, my inability to see the truth, my inability to remember the truth, or for any other reason unconscious to me at this time, I hereby renounce my connections to these dark entities, energies, forces or beings of great power. I dissolve and/or cancel all contracts made with them when truth was not fully divulged; I rescind any pledge of allegiance I may have made to them and I release all blocks and reversals to believing there is any further need to recognize or remember these dark leaders by their names. I accept that by my asking these changes are done through this greater power of Pure Love and Pure Light I know and now recognize as my Divine God (Allah, Krishna, Source) of Pure Light and Pure Love and will be executed in Divine Light timing and with God speed. I am releasing all blocks and reversals to the allowance and acceptance of these changes now. Now and forever. In all time, all space, all eternity, all dimensions, all realities. Simply, safely, permanently, painlessly and peacefully, through the healing frequencies of infinite love and gratitude I make this change. With the Grace and help of this God of Pure Love and Pure Light, I am returned to Love and to Light today. I am ready; mind, body, spirit, heart and soul to answer your Call to be returned.”
Now I surrender this request in it’s entirety to Source, my God of pure Love and pure Light. I have made my intentions as clear as I could, You take it from here if the words that I have chosen are not enough to inspire the changes that I am truly looking for or needing at this time. Make it so as you see it. Take care of me. My God (Allah, Krishna, Source). I give you permission to do that now.
I thank you for your help.
YOUR GUIDE TEAM
Lynn Grabhorn suggests in her book that Universal Law dictates that we are all to have THREE GUIDES in the unseen world at all times for the entire duration of our stay here on earth. Some of us have more but none of us will have less. I have no further information to share with you about this at this time and I have no way to confirm this or deny this except through my own intuition. The information feels accurate. We will leave it at that.
She has designed an affirmation that I have rewritten to ensure that all members of your guidance team are operating from a place of connection to Pure Light and Pure Love.
“From The Spark of Pure Love and Light that resides within me, I connect to Source (God of Pure Love) and I give thanks. And now from this place of connection and oneness I hereby ask, that ALL members of my team of guides in the unseen world shall be comprised of members who themselves are now guided governed and guarded and supported exclusively and solely by 100% Pure Love and Pure Light that has never been re-programmed by entities, energies, beings or forces of the dark or who have fully reconciled their darkness and who now stand only in Pure Love and Pure light. I further ask that this same request be applied to all those beings, entities and energies that I have believed falsely to be my true guides in the unseen world or who have masked themselves in this way to deceive me. I ask that these guides too also be required from this day forward to be guided, governed, guarded and supported also by 100% Pure Love and Light or that they be removed from my service immediately if they are refusing to co operate with this request. I accept by my asking that these changes are done and will be executed in Divine Light timing and with God speed. I am releasing all blocks and reversals to the allowance and acceptance of these changes now. Now and forever. In all time, all space, all dimensions, all realities and all eternity. Simply, safely, permanently, painlessly and peacefully, through the healing frequencies of infinite love and gratitude I make this change. With the Grace and help of God of Pure Love and Pure Light, I come out of the darkness and I am returned to Light today”
Now I surrender this request in it’s entirety to Source, my God of pure Love and pure Light. I have made my intentions as clear as I could, You take it from here if the words that I have chosen are not enough to inspire the change that I am truly looking for or needing at this time. Make it so as you see it. God (Allah, Krishna, Source) take care of me. I give you permission to do that now. I thank you for your help”
YOUR CONSCIOUSNESS
Darkness can fall upon any level of our thinking even
The Primary Guiding mind known to most as your Higher Self mind. This is the highest level of thinking available to us without turning to something for wisdom that is “out of our own mind”. It is possible for even this mind to be ruled by Dark energy and entities. This would explain the Hitler’s of the world that considered themselves Godlike and really believed that they were accessing a higher power of thought as they proceeded to commit mass atrocities against humanity in the name of that God.
“From the Spark of Pure Love and Light that I am that resides within me, I connect to Source (God of Pure Love) and give thanks. I now ask that my Consciousness mix of unconscious, subconscious, conscious and super conscious as well as my Conscience, My Ego, My Inner Child Mind be converted so that all of these minds and ways of thinking are being governed, supported, guarded and guided and the healing of them nurtured by 100% Pure Love and Pure Light that have never been corrupted or re-programmed by energies, forces or entities of the dark or has completely and fully reconciled it’s own darkness. I accept by my asking that this change is done and will be executed in Divine Light timing and with God speed. I am releasing all blocks and reversals to the allowance and acceptance of this change now. Now and forever. In all time, all space, all eternity, all dimensions, all realities. Simply, safely, permanently, painlessly and peacefully, through the healing frequencies of infinite love and gratitude I make this change and with the Grace and help of God I am returned to Light today.
Now I surrender this request in it’s entirety to Source, my God of pure Love and pure Light. I have made my intentions as clear as I could, You take it from here if the words that I have chosen are not enough to inspire the change that I am truly looking for or needing at this time. Make it so as you see it. God (Allah, Krishna, Source) take care of me. I give you permission to do that now.
I thank you for your help”
ALL 5 OF THE BODIES
It is important to mention here that there have been several occasions where this affirmation needed to be done for a specific part of the physical body in order that it could be reclaimed under the rule of Love and Light.
(eg Heart – when the heart in a previous life had been sacrificed and the pattern was still being played out)
“From the Spark of Pure Love and Pure Light that I am that resides within me, I connect to Source and give thanks. And now from this place of connection and oneness, I now ask that all 5 of my bodies, Physical. Mental, Emotional, Spiritual and Causal, including all parts of these bodies that I may have fractured or severed connection with, judged, disowned or cast aside, the healing and/or full recovery of these 5 bodies, my Pain Body and the 100% healing of my Pain Body shall be supported, nurtured, governed, guarded and guided by 100% Pure Love and Pure Light that have never been corrupted or re-programmed by energies, forces or entities of the dark or has fully reconciled their darkness. I am now releasing all blocks and reversals to reclaiming and reestablishing my ownership of all parts of my wholeness as defined and determined by my God (Allah, Krishna, Source) of Pure Love and Pure Light. I further declare that the workings and operating of all systems, functions and communication in and around all 5 of my bodies and my wholeness shall from this day forward be guided governed and guarded supported and nurtured by 100% Pure Love and Pure Light that have never been corrupted or re-programmed by energies, forces or entities of the dark or have fully reconciled their own darkness. I ask that all 5 of my bodies, my wholeness, will have access to direct connection with My Source of Pure Love and Pure Light and I now accept that this Source of Pure Love and Pure Light loves me unconditionally and is always and forever working in my best interest and can be trusted with my life and all aspects of me and the lives of those I love. I accept by my asking that this change is done and will be executed in Divine Light timing and with God speed. I am releasing all blocks and reversals to the allowance and acceptance of this change now. Now and forever. In all time, all space, all eternity, all dimensions, all realities. Simply, safely, permanently, painlessly and peacefully, through the healing frequencies of infinite love and gratitude I make this change. With the Grace and help of this God of Pure Love and Pure Light I come out of the darkness and I am returned to Light today
Now I surrender this request in it’s entirety to Source, my God of pure Love and pure Light. I have made my intentions as clear as I could, You take it from here if the words that I have chosen are not enough to inspire the change that I am truly looking for or needing at this time. Make it so as you see it. God (Allah, Krishna, Source) take care of me. I give you permission once again to do that. I thank you for your help.”
OWNERSHIP of DARKNESS and LIGHT
In my opinion this is a profound affirmation to repeat and I do think you have to have evolved to a certain level of consciousness before you ever can even find something like this or have a discussion from this place. I think there is a level of Self Control that is achieved after this has been integrated. My personal experience is that I no longer feel “taken over” by some of these negative emotions that seem to come on suddenly through triggers and buttons pushed with a ferocity sometimes that is unexplainable for the situation at hand. The internal waters seem to be much calmer and my “darkness” does not appear to be so overwhelming anymore when it appears to me.
I have also noticed that I do not have feelings of beings ashamed or embarrassed by my behaviour when my darkness does appear. I handle those situations now in ways that are more in keeping with the true loving, compassionate and understanding nature of me. It will be interesting to hear your experiences as they unfold to you as you integrate this change.
“From the spark of pure love that I am I connect to Source and give thanks. I declare from this day forward, ownership of the darkness that is mine by Divine contract to resolve. I ask at this time that all other darkness that is burdening all aspects of me that is not my contract be lifted from me in all directions of time. I release all blocks and reversals to allowing mercy to be granted to me and the acceptance of that Divine help for myself. I declare from this day forward ownership of the truth of the light within myself and I am now releasing all blocks and reversals to taking full responsibility for the truth of my darkness and the truth of my light, recognizing they are both powerful forces within me and accepting today a greater responsibility for how they are to be utilized now and into the future. I now ask that both my darkness and my light be guided, governed and guarded and supported by 100% Pure love and pure Light that has either fully reconciled it’s own darkness or has never been altered, corrupted or re-programmed by beings energies, entities or forces of the dark. I accept that these changes will be made in Divine Light timing and in God speed and I release all blocks and reversals to the allowance and acceptance of these changes now.
Now and forever. In all time, all space, all eternity, all dimensions, all realities. Simply, safely, permanently and painlessly and peacefully through the healing frequencies of infinite love and gratitude I come out of the darkness and in to the Light today.
Now I surrender this request in it’s entirety to Source, my God (Allah, Krishna, Source)of pure Love and pure Light. I have made my intentions as clear as I could, You take it from here if the words that I have chosen are not enough to inspire the changes that I am truly looking for or needing at this time. Make it so as you see it. God (Allah, Krishna, Source) take care of me. I give you permission to do that now.
I thank you for your help.”
CORRUPTION IN OUR QUALITIES OF LIFE
This could mean any of the positive or negative qualities that are listed in the Life Energy Activation pages in your course manuals. (ie happiness, joy, peace, fulfillment etc.)
Some suggestions for what to include in this section for clearing up issue with re establishing a greater control over your qualities of Life:Coming out of the darkness
Coming in to the Light
Return to Love / acceptance of self
Reclaiming personal power; awakening
My journey to know my own Soul ; myself,; my God
Capacity to forgive, find compassion for…, release
Way to freedom; independence
Letting Go of the past; releasing
Motivation / Inspiration
Bodily movement
Change/transformation
Facing the truth; facing things that are difficult or frightening
Accept that I can be a Creator of something NEW in the present and in to the future
Power to heal myself
Accept and allow being a healer, writer, dancer, singer etc.
My ability to communicate from love
My ability to prosper, have abundance, be wealthy, have and know wealth; provide for my family and for myself
My ability to know or have happiness, joy, laughter, fun, carefreeness, freedom, peace, contentment, integrity, security within self, financial security,
Acceptance and utilization of talents and gifts
Raising of self esteem, self worth and confidence
Sexual arousal; sexual experiences
Flow of my creativity, sexuality, love
Reaching out with Love
Absorption of information or nutrients
Elimination of non useful information or waste
Surrender
Finding and utilization of MY Voice, my talents, my gifts, my passion, that which excites me
Following my heart
Taking care of me / taking care of others
Love of me / Love of others
Balance
Partnerships, marriage, sharing, unions
Seeing, hearing, knowing, being, …
Sleeptime, dreamtime
Recovery from…, healing of…
“From the Spark of Pure Love and Pure Light that resides within me, I connect to Source and give thanks and from this place of connection and oneness I now ask that the quality of life (or my ability to know or access) _________________ will from this day forward be supported, nurtured, guided, governed and guarded by 100% Pure Love and Pure Light that has either fully reconciled it’s darkness or has never been corrupted, entangled or reprogrammed by entities, energies, beings or forces of the darkness. I am now releasing all blocks and reversals to reclaiming and reestablishing my ownership of these qualities of life and accepting them as part of my wholeness and my right to have and to own. I accept by my asking that this change is done and will be executed in Divine Light timing and with God speed. I am releasing all blocks and reversals to the allowance and acceptance of this change now. Now and forever. In all time, all space, all eternity, all dimensions, all realities. Simply, safely, permanently, painlessly and peacefully, through the healing frequencies of infinite love and gratitude I make this change. With the Grace and help of this God, I am returned to Light today
Now I surrender this request in it’s entirety to Source, my God of pure Love and pure Light. I have made my intentions as clear as I could, You take it from here if the words that I have chosen are not enough to inspire the change that I am truly looking for or needing at this time. Make it so as you see it. God (Allah, Krishna, Source) take care of me. I give you permission to do that now.
I thank you for your help.”
ARE YOU SHARING YOUR BODY WITH A DARK ENERGY. ARE YOU PARTNERING YOUSELF WITH DARK ENERGY?
The words sharing and partnership are important words to ask. Many people are doing this and completely unaware that THEIR BODIES NOT THEIR OWN.
From the Spark of Pure Love that I am that resides within me, I connect to Source and give thanks. I hereby declare from this day forward the ownership of all 5 of my bodies. I rescind all permission I may have given in the past to partner or share ownership of my bodies (one or more of them) with any energy, entity, force or being in the unseen world that is not of 100% Pure Love and Pure Light. I am asking my God of Pure Love and Pure Light and the infinite beings of love and light to lift from me now, in all directions of time, those energies of darkness that I once believed were the answer to my problems, my survival, my happiness, my protection or my salvation. I am releasing all blocks and reversals to the allowance and acceptance of this change now. Now and forever. In all time, all space, all eternity, all dimensions, all realities. Simply, safely, permanently, painlessly and peacefully, through the healing frequencies of infinite love and gratitude I make this change. With the Grace and help of this God of Pure Love and Pure Light I come out of the darkness and am returned to Light today
Now I surrender this request in it’s entirety to Source, my God of pure Love and pure Light. I have made my intentions as clear as I could. You take it from here if the words that I have chosen are not enough to inspire the change that I am truly looking for or needing at this time. Make it so as you see it. God (Allah, Krishna, Source) take care of me. I give you permission to do that now.
I thank you for your help.”
GUARDIANS OF OUR RECORDS
Our akashic records are housed in the ground in the care of Mother Earth. We can have dark energies guarding these and tampering with these so they interfere with our remembering process or our forgiving or letting go processes. Dark energies can also be interfering with our sacred bond between Child of God and Mother Earth. In order to enter the ground to heal ourselves in this way it is always necessary to give conscious permission for this sacred bond to be breached and entered into.
“From the Spark of Pure Love and Pure Light that I am that resides within me. I connect to Source and I give thanks. I hereby declare that all entities, energies or beings in the unseen world, supporting, guarding, guiding or governing this sacred entrance through the earth to my personal records or supporting, guiding, governing or guarding my personal records, their access, their reading and their rewriting, will be of 100% Pure Love and Pure Light that have never been corrupted or re-programmed by entities of the dark or who have fully reconciled their own darkness. I accept by my asking that this change is done and will be executed in Divine Light timing and with God speed. I am releasing all blocks and reversals to the allowance and acceptance of this change now. Now and forever. In all time, all space, all eternity, all dimensions, all realities. Simply, safely, permanently, painlessly and peacefully, through the healing frequencies of infinite love and gratitude I make this change. With the Grace and help of God I am returned to Light today.
Now I surrender this request in it’s entirety to Source, my God of pure Love and pure Light. I have made my intentions as clear as I could, You take it from here if the words that I have chosen are not enough to inspire the change that I am truly looking for or needing at this time. Make it so as you see it. God (Allah, Krishna, Source) take care of me. I give you permission to do that now.
I thank you for your help.”
POSSESSIONS OF MATTER/IMPLANTS
“From the Spark of Pure Love and Pure Light that I am that resides within me, I connect to Source and give thanks. I call forth that all things of matter or of energy, whether animate or inanimate, within or around me, my home, my property, my car(s), my place of business, (my vacation property), my possessions, my attachments, my pets, my children, my support systems, be immediately deactivated from use as “directional beacons” by those who are not of 100% Pure Love and Pure Light. I further declare that when this has been accomplished that it shall be irrevocable and permanent. I accept by my asking that this change is done and will be executed in Divine Light timing and with God speed. I am releasing all blocks and reversals to the allowance and acceptance of this change now. Now and forever. In all time, all space, all eternity, all dimensions, all realities. Simply, safely, permanently, painlessly and peacefully, through the healing frequencies of infinite love and gratitude I make this change, With the Grace and help of this God of Pure Love and Pure Light I come out of the darkness and I am returned to Light today.
Now I surrender this request in it’s entirety to Source, my God of pure Love and pure Light. I have made my intentions as clear as I could, You take it from here if the words that I have chosen are not enough to inspire the change that I am truly looking for or needing at this time. Make it so as you see it. God (Allah, Krishna, Source) take care of me. I give you permission to do that now.
I thank you for your help.”
CONTRACTS/AGREEMENTS
“From the Spark of Pure Love and Light that I am that resides within me, I connect to Source and I give thanks. Be it known that I hereby cancel and/ or dissolve all contracts and/or agreements, vows, oaths, allegiances, bondages, duties, obligations, commitments, responsibilities that I have made with ANY entity, energy, force or being, in any time frame, dimension of reality that were not in my highest and best interest or in the interest of Love or were made with entities, energies, forces or beings that were not of 100 % pure Love and pure Light or were made under false pretenses or without full truth being divulged. I hereby declare that the cancellation and/or dissolving of all such contracts, and /or agreements, vows, oaths, allegiances, bondages, duties, obligations, commitments, responsibilities is to be irrevocable and permanent in all time frames. realities and all dimensions. I accept by my asking that this change is done and will be executed in Divine Light timing and with God speed. I am releasing all blocks and reversals to the allowance and acceptance of this change now. Now and forever. In all time, all space, all eternity, all dimensions, all realities. Simply, safely, permanently, painlessly and peacefully, through the healing frequencies of infinite love and gratitude I make this change. With the Grace and help of this God of Pure Love and Pure Light I come out of the darkness and am returned to Light today.
Now I surrender this request in it’s entirety to Source, my God of pure Love and pure Light. I have made my intentions as clear as I could, You take it from here if the words that I have chosen are not enough to inspire the change that I am truly looking for or needing at this time. Make it so as you see it. God (Allah, Krishna, Source) take care of me. I give you permission to do that now.
I thank you for your help.”