Title: Chrysalis to Butterfly

URL: https://intuitivesoul.com/chrysalis-to-butterfly

Content:
This month I had an excellent interview withTracy McBurneyonClear Hearts. Tracy discussed a documentary with Bruce Lipton that is on Gaia network. Bruce spoke about the fact that we have been in a Chrysalis since 2020 and are in the ‘goo’ stage where the caterpillar has dissolved and the Butterfly is about to emerge. As a result of being in the Chrysalis and ‘goo’ stages for the past 19 months, we have been separated and NOT connecting with others. And part of the reason that I am writing this is that we need to remember we are NOT alone and that we are always a breath away from a deeper and higher aspect of ourselves. And in this time, particularly, we also have an opportunity to create a different life, a life that we want as we emerge from the cocoon into our Butterfly. To do this we need to be Clear and know what we want.
It is very important that we don’t fall into depression with all that is happening around the world and in our backyard. Alas, this is exactly what is happening as we feel our rights are still being controlled and even diminished and amidst all of this the spread of fear is multiplying. Yet in all of this we DO have a choice! However, the choice is really about how we respond to the fear being projected by ourselves and by what we perceive to be fearful in the world around us. Our choice is that we remember we are NOT a victim and that we need social contact. Our choice is, therefore, to remain Clear about these things – especially in our Hearts! When we are in fear or judgement – we are NOT clear!
Tracy offered us an interesting option where we can take all our fears, frustrations, anger, and judgements into containment (metaphorically) in a corner of the room. For me it is when I am walking, I request that all of my fears be contained in a bubble outside my auric field. This assists my walk each morning. Again, this is our choice to visualize the removal of all the pain and fear we hold that we do not want in our auric – or energy – field.
Our choice is also how we respond to others: BEing Compassionate, Loving, Kind and Accepting of ourselves and others. This means we are NOT stuck in the goo of our chrysalis but actively Creating the Life we Desire. And by Creating our new lives we will not feel like a victim. Again to do this ‘act of creation’ we must BE Clear.
What does it mean to BE Clear? This is probably the most important piece. What it means to BE Clear, when we are Clear: we are in the NOW moment and open to the guidance of our Inner Being. We are LOVE. Any other emotion is going to be in the Fear spectrum – whether it is about lack or failure or pain or anger or sadness at not having what we want. It doesn’t mean that we should all be ‘Pollyanna-ish’ and not in touch with our authentic selves or in a state of denial. No. But what it does mean is that we don’t hold onto the pain, fear, anger and that we can find a way either to transform these unwanted emotional feelings or put it in containment for a little while – as we try to rebalance our lives. This is so crucial to our state of Being. We need to find ways to BE Clear. Bubbles, boxes in the corner, and even writing our fears and troubles on a paper and burning it … finding the way to Clarity is key – for all of us!
While we are in the Chrysalis – we still have choices. Being Clear is always an option – as long as we are aware enough to acknowledge that at this moment we have choices and CAN Open our Hearts. Often we appear to be stuck in the goo of the chrysalis instead of actively choosing to BE Conscious. We spend a lot of our time replaying the past, repeating our ‘stories’, thinking of what we don’t want, and worrying about the future. The option here is to remember what makes us happy. That’s right. After all, the unhappiness comes and persists when we are too often only thinking about what we don’t want and thereby being in this unhappy state where we are onlyreinforcing all the problems.By reviewing all the inadequacies and manipulations that many of us might feel that we are experiencing we are only adding to the problem. This isn’t the answer that will bring us to happiness!
And if we do nothing while in the Chrysalis stage – we are only reinforcing the status quo. During this crucial period we must find a way to Create our Butterfly in the direction of our Dreams. Doesn’t THAT feel empowering?
Over the next couple of years – there will be a period of the Great Reveal (all the reasons for what has been occurring over the past 2 years) and if we get caught up in the anger that will come from the ‘Great Reveal’ we are just going to be reinforcing the FEAR. Instead, we need to take this time and ponder what we would like to see for our lives, our country and our world.
The Beauty is that regardless of what is happening – the REAL work comes from within. As long as you focus on BEcoming more conscious, present and Loving (compassionate, kind and accepting) You Grow and Evolve towards BEing an Open, Loving person. This is the only thing you need to work on. You don’t have to find a way to change the world; you, me, all of us: we change the world by BEing better persons from within. We change the world – one person at a time. We change ourselves. And this is OUR time! This is the moment we have been waiting for. We get to choose whether we want to continue in a world of fear and pain or choose a World that Creates all of our Dreams. This ‘goo’ stage is when our parts are being recreated and we emerge into a new paradigm of our lives: A paradigm we create from the inside out, like a chrysalis. Our Butterfly is being created as we speak – and even as we think or feel. What do you want your butterfly to look like? What do you want your world to look like? When you emerge into this new phase – can you imagine a different world?
This is a time of Rebalancing and of making choices: do we want to continue in Fear or follow our Hearts into Clarity? Clear Hearts. THIS is what we choose. Right? And so this is an exciting time to be alive! We get to choose from a place of transformation to ongoing transformation as we change the world, our butterflyness, into what we choose, what feels right to us. Yes, we are in the act of transforming: Our individual lives are transforming but also: our larger world is transforming. BEing Clear allows us to see with different eyes and an Open Heart.
I choose to see and feel from an Open Heart. I choose to imagine a world full of Love, Compassion, Kindness and Acceptance. Please join me in Creating this World together. Power comes when 2 or more people come together and envision a new world. Imagine if hundreds – or millions – of people began to envision this World TOGETHER. It would BE Magic! REAL Magic. And I am looking forward to Creating this Magic with you all as we emerge from our Butterfly stage into the world of our tomorrows – filled with happiness. Yes, count me in!