Title: Do you know the Power of Your Heart?

URL: https://intuitivesoul.com/do-you-know-the-power-of-your-heart

Content:
We have all heard sayings such asHome is where the Heart isandFollow your Heart.One of my favorite quotes is: “Our Heart carries the wings of our dreams and the desire to realize them” by Fernando Soave.
The heart has the power to deliver our dreams and has been the focus of my energy for several years. I have grown to understand and appreciate this power. Training and research has proven that my intuitive guidance on the power of the heart is as impressive as I had believed.I am participating in a Tele-summitRealitiesofCreation.comthat begins September 8th. We will publish a book (of which my chapter is all about the Power of the Heart) and we will be going on a cruise in April, 2015. For my part of the book, I have two purposes; one is to show all the research that has been done to help you understand thepower of the heart; and how using this research to keep your heart clear and coherent you may have access to as much of the Heart Field as possible. Secondly, it is to offer you ways to access the power of the heart to create the dreams you desire in your life and align to your Soul’s Purpose!
‎The human Heart is now documented as the strongest generator of both electric and magnetic fields in the body. This is important, because we’ve always been taught that the brain is where all of the action is. Multiple Brain Integration Techniques from mBraining.com (research done through Grant Soosla) teaches that we have 3 brains (proven to date), our mind has 100 billion neurons, the gut brain has 500 million neurons (the same size as the brains of cats and dogs) and the heart has only 30,000-120,000 neurons. While the brain also has an electromagnetic field, it is relatively weak compared to the Heart. The Heart is about 100,000 times stronger electrically and up to 5,000 times stronger magnetically than the brain. This is important, because the physical world is made of these two fields: the electric and magnetic fields of Energy.Physics demonstrates that a change in our electromagnetic field produces atomic level transformation: as we change our energy, we change our state of matter and BEing, and moreover, everyone we encounter.We literally change that atom and its elements within our body and this world. The human Heart is designed to do this from an emotional state.
Heartmath.com teaches that our heart emits an electromagnetic field that changes in accordance to our emotions. The magnetic field can be measured several feet from the body. Positive emotions create physiological benefits in your body. You can boost your immune system by conjuring positive emotions. Negative emotions create a nervous system chaos where positive emotions do the opposite. The heart has a system of neurons that have both short and long term memory, and their signals sent to the brain can affect our emotional experience. Our heart sends more information to the brain than vice versa. Our positive emotions help the brain in creativity and innovative problem solving. Positive emotions increase the brain’s ability to make good decisions.
What does this mean? The implications are huge!
Research has shown that the heart sends powerful signals to the brain and rest of the body. Once understood and accessed, these heart signals give you more ability to self-regulate your emotions and nervous system and to make changes you thought you couldn’t make before. Throughout history, people have talked about the core values of the heart, which include love, care, appreciation, respect, compassion, kindness, forgiveness and non-judgment. These values and attitudes, which we call core heart feelings, generate the heart signals that bring more coherence to the body’s systems. When your initial effort is “from the heart,” it brings your mind and emotions into cooperative alignment, and this gives you more intuitive clarity to clear disturbances, and more strength and energy to achieve your goals. That’s why coaches say, “play from the heart” or “sing from the heart” or “put your heart into it.” Putting your heart into whatever you do gives more power, enjoyment and better results.
What interferes with our Heart’s inner power isstress. One of the largest positive impacts onstressis through ourbreath. If breath controls the heart, and heart produces our most powerful field generator, then breath becomes one of our most potent catalysts for changing our energy field.
In martial art, yoga, bodywork, counseling and coaching, we use a tool called entrainment (Heartmath calls Coherence): a technique for synchronizing and controlling cardiac rhythm by an external stimulus, in most cases, our own breath. As we breathe, so too does the entrained individual or group. As we change our breath, and entrain others to do so, we change the heart rhythm – the most powerful force in the human body.
Quick Coherence:
1. Heart Focus: Focus your attention in the area of your heart, in the center of your chest.
2. Heart Breathing: As you focus on the area of your heart, imagine your breath flowing in and out through that area.
3. Heart Feeling: As you continue to breathe through the area of your heart, recall a positive feeling, a time when you felt good inside, and try to re-experience it.