Title: Love

URL: https://intuitivesoul.com/love

Content:
We seem to be going through a transition of wanting more conscious love and relationships. We want to create a sacred bond through love, whether through a new relationship or creating a deeper bond in the one we are in.
My feelings on this are always the same; to know oneself and begin creating the sacred bond there first, softening to loves embrace, opening one’s heart to self, and acknowledging ego/shadow and how it has played its role in closing your heart. Expanding from separation to interconnectedness of all life and soul/spirit/source. Creating sacred communion with the planet and the infinite.
We all know the unselfishness and unconditional love of pets. We all have experiences of what we don’t want in a relationship. This is always a good place to begin. From the good, bad and ugly, we begin to know what we want.
The reason I recommend we begin with self, is that it assists us to take responsibility in love. We would all prefer to blame someone else for our love problems. Over and over, I have heard and seen how love becomes distorted and blasphemed through our own pains and fears. We want to strike out and hurt another. Yet, the true freedom of opening your heart can only begin through accepting full responsibility.
Love is and always will be, the quickest and sometimes only way to grow spiritually, mentally, emotionally and physically. Love is the frequency that permeates life. We are the ones that layer our hearts with fear and pain. We shut down our hearts and this is what creates the heaviness associated with love.
To free your heart, to experience the unconditional love that surrounds you at all times, you have to start at the beginning. We all came into this life to heal our hearts. This world is too permeated with pain and fear. So, we all came to learn how to find our Heart’s Way. Our heart holds all the answers. Our soul reminds us every moment how to open softly to its gentle guidance. Whenever there is resistance, that means we are shutting our heart down, and are unable to hear our soul’s guidance.
It isn’t easy to hold our heart open. It often feels incredibly vulnerable. However, it is the answer to every pain we feel, see, hear and know. When you can learn to hold your heart open, feel vulnerable and still expand your heart, your relationships and your vibration shifts and you attract from a different level.