Title: Magic and Grace

URL: https://intuitivesoul.com/magic-and-grace

Content:
Every December, I write about the Magic of the Season. It is the Magic of love, compassion, and generosity. I know it is around all year, but I believe we all connect with it more strongly at this time. It has the power to open our hearts. And this year, I have become enchanted with the concept of “Grace”. Grace takes the Magic of the season and offers a gentle acceptance about life within our hearts.
It all began while watching the movie “The Tree of Life” where the mother speaks of Grace versus Nature. “The nuns taught us there are two ways through life, the way of Nature and the way of Grace. You have to choose which one to follow. Grace doesn’t try to please itself. Accepts being slighted, forgotten, disliked. Accepts insults and injuries. Nature only wants to please itself. And others to please it too. Likes to lord it over them. To have its own way. It finds reasons to be unhappy, when all the world is shining around it. And love is smiling through all things…” [nature as defined in Bible book 3, chapter 54]
There is magic in these words that has stayed with me… pondering how to live a life of Grace. To know that beyond the fear that we can get stuck in, there is Divine Consciousness; Grace that breathes through our lives. That speaks of gentle acceptance of everything that happens, because it isn’t personal. That speaks of guiding us to respond with unconditional love and acceptance instead of fear. That speaks of seeing “Love smiling through all things”.
However, we must move beyond our minds, our fears and pain, to a place that exists within all of us. This magic and grace is the same piece of Divinity that is Source. It is our Home. It is what makes us all one. However, we have to nurture this Magic, or else its magnificence fades. We dull magic when ever we are disappointed like through our fears, pain and attempts to control our lives. It dulls every time we give our fears more power than the “magic” within us and our lives.
Magic and grace exist, we just have to hold it within our hearts. And make a conscious choice to seek this. This time of year magic is strongest, touch upon it… remember it… rejoice that we have a touch of the Great Mystery within each of us. Let that magic overflow in all you do. Let your heart remember what it always knew. Find your own way to let Magic and Grace nurture and foster your Divine Essence. And let that Essence flow out into your life.