Title: Surrender to the Holidays: Relive the Magic

URL: https://intuitivesoul.com/surrender-to-the-holidays-relive-the-magic

Content:
Wow, where did 2022 go? We are entering the Holiday Season. We have already had snow and although it won’t stay it is beginning to feel like Christmas. As I was contemplating what I wanted to share for the end of this year – a powerful message was sent to one of my favorite clients: Surrender.
My first response was that surrender is a deeper and more complete action than Letting Go. However, in the early hours of morning (which is now when my intuition seems to be heightened) my message changed and it now reflects something deeper still. It is not just surrendering to a situation. It is surrendering is to a Higher Power, whatever you connect with the most, God/Goddess, Universe or Source etc. So why is my message about Surrendering to the Holidays?
Let’s back up for a moment. This month I had an amazing interview with Tracy McBurney on theDecree ‘Uncomplicate’and we discussed how this simple word, “uncomplicate”, can Magically work to Uncomplicate one’s life in every area. This message about Surrendering feels similar to Uncomplicate. All the areas we are having challenges with we can state for example ‘Uncomplicate my health, my finances etc. Now to add more power to the Decree or to add another level of what one desires to Uncomplicate – we can add Surrender.
To completely Surrender – feels Magical to me. It is a Knowing that the Universe has our Back and it Supports us 100%. Then we don’t have to allow fear to continue to hold us back. This may also help us toLive our Best Lifelike I wrote about last month.
Now let’s look at the Holidays. The holidays are often a challenging time for many. We have challenges financially while trying to outdo gift giving; challenges with family (you know the ones that know exactly how to push our buttons – usually because they were the ones to create them in the first place); and some people become depressed instead of seeing the Magic of the Holidays. Let’s explore each if these areas of challenge separately.
Finances: I know that Gift Giving can be difficult for many people. Honestly, after COVID many of us are experiencing Financial challenges. The added stress of Gift Giving can create more problems than joy, especially once January comes along with credit card bills and such coming due. The Joy of the Holidays is apparent when we watch children and we see the Magic that is expressed on their faces when they do a variety of events.
The thing is – children find Magic and Joy in many different ways: tobogganing, skating, skiing, watching Christmas movies, drinking Hot Chocolate and yes – opening gifts. The expectations of Gift Giving are part of the problem. We, often to our detriment, try to outdo the year previously.
We want to see the Joy in our children, our spouses, significant others, our family and friends. We remember the excitement we experienced as children and try to duplicate it with others. Of course we also remember the disappointment ofnotreceiving what we had requested and feeling betrayed or not loved enough. So each year we try to outdo ourselves and buy the perfect gifts. The irony is that we are Giving moments of Happiness that comes from outside of us.
People rarely make their gifts anymore. Instead we get caught up in the hype that media sells us – as to what the Perfect Gift will be this year. The happiness in those who receive one of our gifts – if there is happiness – rarely lasts. Sometimes only as long as it takes for the next BIG gift comes along. People always seem to want more. And we are all searching for happiness in the “gift cycle” – whether giving or receiving.
If we Surrender our need to buy the Perfect Gift and find a way to Create a Magical Memory – that will allow for a Joyful and Magical Holiday Season – for ourselves and hopefully for those who receive the gift of Magical memories. And consider the added happiness of having, hopefully, a far less Holiday Debt Hangover.
Family & Friends: Let’s face it: our Finances are not the only fear of the Holidays. During the Holiday Season we are more Social. We are invited to more functions (yes this can also be financially draining) and this becomes more emotionally draining. The problem with BEing more social during the Holidays is that we can get triggered more easily. When we see people sporadically we can justify certain behaviors that may bother us and overlook such behaviors because we are happy to see these family members and friends. However, the Holidays create environments where we may be stuck seeing our relatives over an extended period or more frequently.
Relationships are the way we grow the most. The Holiday Season is a time when it is all about relationships. All our deeply rooted core fears are often triggered by the fact that we are more social during the Holidays than other times. We can’t escape as easily but we can Surrender those relationships that trigger us the most. Before we react with anger or frustration because of our inebriated uncle or narcissistic friend we can take a few moments and Breathe.
When we detach ourselves from the person or the situation and take a couple of breaths and connect to our Heart or Inner Self we can remind ourselves what is really important. Surrendering to a Higher Power our feelings of Betrayal, Abandonment, and Disappointment that we often feel during the Holidays will help us Transform those feelings into Joy and the Magic that is all around us.
We can Choose how we want to respond to the Holidays. We can Choose LOVE, Joy and Magic. We can choose Happiness. We can choose to Surrender. We can surrender to the Higher Power so that our fears are diminished and we can Transform ourselves to BE Happy.
Depression: The Holiday Seasonoften leads to depression. So many people experience disappointment during the Holidays (past, present and worries of the future). There is often a lot of alcohol during the Holidays as it is socially acceptable to drink with our friends and family – as most Social Activities revolve around food and drink. Alcohol is a depressant and those addicted to alcohol find social events difficult to maneuver.
On top of that people are often lonely or anxious and do a lot of self-reflection (or self-torturing). The Holidays can be a wonderful time for many but it is also a time where we become overwhelmed and have increased tension. We are often Stressed during the Holidays and many suicides occur due to a heightened depressed state.
. So many people experience disappointment during the Holidays (past, present and worries of the future). There is often a lot of alcohol during the Holidays as it is socially acceptable to drink with our friends and family – as most Social Activities revolve around food and drink. Alcohol is a depressant and those addicted to alcohol find social events difficult to maneuver. On top of that people are often lonely or anxious and do a lot of self-reflection (or self-torturing).
The Holidays can be a wonderful time for many but it is also a time where we become overwhelmed and have increased tension. We are often Stressed during the Holidays and many suicides occur due to a heightened depressed state.
Surrendering the fears that depress us may BE the way to overcome our Depression. We all experience stress and depression in different ways. Not everyone can ‘see’ when we are depressed or suicidal. We have all experienced different degrees of depression. It isn’t always easy to shift these thoughts and approach life differently. But regardless of where we are – it is a choice. BEing authentic means we shouldn’t just pretend we are happy.
And even if we feel that we are being somehow true to ourselves by showing that we are not pretending – and that we are unhappy or delving into our victimhood – choosing this is unproductive. Without being a cliché: we can choose baby steps out of a depressed state. We can choose to create a connection to a Higher Power and Surrender our Depression. Surrendering our fears allows space to Remember our Happiness and the Joy and Magic of the Holidays.
This Holiday Season let’s choose to Embrace the Decree of Surrendering. It is extremely powerful and can EnLighten our Heart and Soul. I love the Holidays – I EnJOY the Magic of the Season and I try to offer positive messages that will Create more of the Magic that is all around us during this season. I believe if we have challenges with the Holidays is by Surrendering to the Higher Power that will allow for us to come closer to that Magic that will help us to find a way back into our Hearts. Join me and Reclaim the Magic by Surrendering all the challenges within. Happy Holidays!
With Love and an Open Heart, Laurie❤️