Title: The Question of Love

URL: https://intuitivesoul.com/the-question-of-love

Content:
February is Love month on Intuitive Soul and as I pondered what I wanted to write this year, two very important signs came into my awareness. I watched “Arrival” and I prepared for my second interview with Linda Howe. Why are these important? In some ways they don’t have anything to do with love and in other ways they can shift your awareness of love completely.
In the movie “Arrival” I was completely enthralled with the last question Louise asks Ian: “If you could see the whole story of your life from start to finish would you change things?” Without giving away the movie this is the perfect question for all of us. If you knew your whole life story would you make different choices? Would you live life to the fullest, knowing that things will happen, but we can choose how we want to respond to them? We don’t have to Love differently just because we know that someone will leave or die! We can choose to embrace all the beauty and perfection that exists in this moment.
It made me think: just because someone is going to leave does it mean it was less significant or that it was a failure? We have a tendency to protect our heart believing our heart can be broken. We also tend to create addictions so that we don’t have to feel our discomfort. What if that wasn’t really why we were here? That it isn’t about the love we are able to hold onto but rather the capacity to love. What if everyone in our lives are here to assist us to expand our ability to open our hearts, to Love unconditionally and to know we are loved? This is what we all want anyway, to love and be loved. So why would we love less or feel less loved just because someone leaves? And why do we believe that once they leave we have to throw out everything that reminds us of that relationship?
This pondering led me to my second sign. I was preparing for Linda Howe’s interview about her book “Healing through the Akashic Records: Using the Power of Your Sacred Wounds to Discover Your Soul’s Perfection”. She talks about the purpose of people in our lives triggering our Sacred Wounds and that the role of the offender is to teach us to love unconditionally! Does it get more powerful than that?
So if we can see our whole life from start to finish and we knew about all the relationships in our life and we knew from our Soul’s Purpose it is about learning to love unconditionally would we change anything? Or could we just stop worrying about the length or whether this relationship becomes ‘the one’? Could we just enJOY every moment we have and LOVE?
To me this changes everything. I personally have gotten all caught up in my relationships: from friends to the friends who leave, to my romantic relationships or the lack thereof, to whether once I begin dating thinking of where this will go instead of just enjoying the time I get to spend with them. My ‘Sacred Wound’ is abandonment and although I have learned to stop taking things so personally it is still my Sacred Wound and it is still the primary concern I have when people stop communication with me. I still wonder what have I done wrong. Knowing that my Sacred Wound is really what I have chosen to help me love unconditionally definitely adds a new dimension to my life. Knowing that the friends and lovers in my life are here to help me love unconditionally is a very profound thought! Even the ones who appeared to betray or hurt me are actually still here to show me how to love unconditionally.
Think about the implications of this and the question of love. Love is! Love isn’t attached to a person, place or thing. It is the expression of our Soul. It is the expression of Source. If every encounter and every trigger of our Sacred Wound is really an opportunity to Love unconditionally what would that look like? And would we, could we, change each opportunity if we knew our lives from start to finish? Or is it a matter of how we choose to experience each moment and relationship? In “Arrival” the question was quite a bit more intense however and my questions arose because of how powerful this one question is.
Things will continue to ‘happen’ around us, relationships will come and go, but our capacity to love is unlimited. The question of love isn’t “Will it happen?”; it is “Can I love unconditionally?”
Love month isn’t just about romantic love, friendship or family love, it isn’t about the confusion around self-love, itis:can I love unconditionally? Can I release the need to only love when the right circumstances occur? Can I love knowing that this person can leave or die? Can I love without judgment? Can I look into another’s eyes and see the unconditional love they have within them? Can I know that they are in my life, whether for a long time or short time, to teach me about unconditional love?
I choose to say ‘YES’ but my Sacred Wound is still there and it may always be there but at least now I am knowing that it is there in the first place to help me Love Unconditionally. When can we let go of this need to change, fix, or heal our Sacred Wound and just BE … and loving unconditionally ourselves and others? And enJOYing the ever present moment regardless of how long it will last or whether or not it will hurt us later. I choose to see Love differently now. I choose to see my Sacred Wound differently now. I choose LOVE! How about you?