Title: What if…?

URL: https://intuitivesoul.com/what-if

Content:
We discussed a lot of sabotage this month, the month of change. September has been exciting and exhausting all in one. In my newHeart-Based Support Groupwith Jean Adrienne we have been discussing Sabotage. In a channeled message I did the question was asked ‘What if you knew that your spiritual growth was a given’? What if you knew that no matter what you did it would all turn out ‘perfectly’ and all the things that happen and all the things that you feel you have done wrong were all ‘perfect’ and in alignment with your higher purpose?
If you could be assured that no matter what happened or what you did, that everything was going to be okay, would that change how you are living your life? What about all the things we do to sabotage ourselves and our happiness… what if you knew that none of that mattered?
All the things you believe you were wrong about, felt regret over… all the wasted energy you have given over your diet, your relationships, your finances, your fears, and all of your suffering… what if it was all just a figment of your imagination… created with your ‘thinking mind’ and contributed to ‘your story’ that has spun everything out of control? Would this change how you live your life? Could you breathe and relax about your life? Could you take some time and enJOY the moments you’re experiencing in your life?
What if you could see into your future and connect with the Being you become and she or he could tell you or show you that it all worked out? Would you change; could you be more relaxed?
You CAN do this! There are many ways to achieve this. Opening your heart, connecting to the divine, listening to a channeled message of a divine being… these are ways to know that everything is going as you contracted your life to unfold.
What if you knew that the only thing we need to do is make choices and these choices are simply either towards love or towards fear?
I remember seeing the 1991 movie ‘Defending Your Life’ with Albert Brooks and Meryl Streep. In this movie Albert is a sad man who made many poor choices all on fear and he has to go to ‘life court’ to defend why he made so many choices in fear. The movie was actually quite brilliant as it discusses our choices and whether we are ready for a higher place. The Meryl Streep character made spectacular choices and Albert’s character had to fight to move on. The lesson seems to be, in the movie and in life, that no matter what choices you have made in the past you can always change and move towards love. And we are guaranteed our evolvement.
I remember a past group I was involved with that, as most groups do, try and make you believe you are special and that you will move on to a better place and that someone close to me was looking forward to moving back into Source. But that isn’t the purpose of our life! Our purpose is to make choices and to continue growing towards love. Our real purpose is to choose LOVE!
So why then are so many of our choices based on fear? Why do we do things, how do we do things, even when do we do things so often based on fear? It’s time to make new choices. It’s time to stay present and get out of our busy monkey mind. When we are present and less mentally active we are more able to connect to our hearts, to our soul, and to our purpose! We make better choices this way and we realize that everything is okay even when our mind wants to tell us something else such as when our mind wants to reinforce our ‘story’ that keeps us stuck in fear.
So… what would you do differently? Would you find ways to hear the gentle guidance of your heart and soul, listen to the absolute knowing that everything is perfect?
Move towards love knowing that we can stop sabotaging ourselves and stop worrying that we are wrong or that we are a victim in this ever-changing world? Will you just relax into the flow and choose how you want to respond to life? I invite you to consider this possibility and change how you respond to the world – especially after this incredible Super Full Moon Total Eclipse these past few days! Our world is changing! And our Spiritual Growth is a Given.