Title: What are your New Year’s Intentions?

URL: https://intuitivesoul.com/what-are-your-new-years-intentions

Content:
As we prepare to welcome a New Year we always review the old. 2014 has not always been an easy year, especially April, eclipses, Grand Square and Uranus square Pluto… Yikes, I hope that never occurs again! And typically as we prepare for a New Year, we come up with a series of New Year’s Resolutions, which are quickly broken and we end up feeling shame and guilt. I am not a big “goal” person, because mostly our goals are outside of us, number one resolution this year, is to spend more time with the family, numbers 2 and 3 have to do with fitness and weight loss, then quit smoking, drinking, get out of debt… although, number 5 is Enjoy life more!? Why save the best for last?!
Now we all have things we would like to change and we all want to make this change effortless and achievable, however, instead of making lists of external chores, let us shift our focus to the inner feelings we desire! Instead of weight loss and fitness, what inner feeling are you trying to accomplish? When we are overweight, we feel sluggish, depressed, anxious that we aren’t changing fast enough or frustrated that we aren’t following our goals. Fitness makes us have more energy and a sense of accomplishment. Regular exercise has been associated with more health benefits than anything else known to man. Studies show that it reduces the risk of some cancers, increases longevity, helps achieve and maintain weight loss, enhances mood, lowers blood pressure, and even improves arthritis. In short, exercise keeps you healthy and makes you look and feel better. Therefore, following my idea of feelings, don’t think of fitness or exercise as a chore, but as a way to feel better. What about, an intention to feel more balanced or a way to connect and feel grounded to the earth (to me the best form of exercise is walking). Find a way to achieve what you desire, by nurturing the feelings you want within you. If you want to stop smoking, think about feeling free to breathe fresh air. Instead of focusing on what you aren’t doing, focus on what you want to feel. Take baby steps towards this inner feeling you want to create. Be gentle with yourself. Be kind and understanding with yourself too.
I believe that it is through our feelings that we will make the biggest changes we desire. If we want harmony, then everything that doesn’t have harmony in our lives will come up for us to examine, however, it is still our choice to feel harmony within, and not expect others to change in order for us to feel harmony. As long as we feel harmony within us, then it will reflect outside of us… and if there are others we want to be harmonious with us, we can invite them but we don’t have any control over what they choose to experience. However, what others choose to create won’t bother us when we feel harmony within ourselves!
I believe the best intention for 2015 and the years to come are to feel love for yourself! Honestly, this seems like a work in progress for me. I understand the concept, I am gentle and I work to improve and evolve every day. Yet, I am so critical and hard on myself. I am definitely my own worst critic, as many of us are. It always seems easier to accept and love others than to do the same for ourselves. This year I am intending to feel love, above the acknowledgement of all that I have accomplished and created within my life. I am opening myself to love and feeling safe within my Being and sharing this with all that I know. I will let you know how this goes throughout the year! Maybe we can share in this intention together.
So this year, I invite you to focus your intention on what you choose for your inner life. Choose Joy, Freedom, Passion, Abundance, Love, Success, and a life filled with a Higher Purpose! Choose this for you and intend it for everyone. Fill yourself with Gratitude for everything happening in your life; the good, the bad and the ugly. It’s all leading you to discover your next highest vision of the most joyful you! May your Dreams be realized in 2015 and may you have the Awareness to nurture this highest vision within! Happy New Year!